# Self Evaluation

- How confident do you feel in your understanding and fluency with the `for` statement? I definitely had a lot of trouble getting my head around this concept. After a lot of research online, and reaching out to other students, I was able to finally get out of that rut that seemed inescapable! I would say I’m getting more fluent after being able to complete the challenges and practice questions, and understanding how I got the answers I did. All of the research also helped broaden my knowledge as well. 
- This was a much more advanced concept than anything you've done in Mod 0, and the exercises required you to push yourself to apply other background knowledge or learn things outside of the curriculum - how did that feel? Did you have productive struggle? Unproductive struggle? I think having worked most of the day on the other assignments and coming into this one knowing the due time was in 3 hours brought an immense amount of stress onto me. There was for sure some unproductive struggle when I got to the code challenge on the assignment page. I had to step back and realize that most of my day had been spent at my desk working on all the assignments. I went for a 20-minute walk and came back feeling refreshed and with a better sense of focus. I would say there was productive struggle when I decided to reach out to Avery, who I paired with the first time. He was also struggling with this assignment, and we were able to talk through some of the challenges and offer different outlooks on how to make sense of the work.
- What do you still need to practice or learn? How will you do that? Do you need to adjust your calendar in order to do that? I need to continue practicing the for statement with different kinds of challenges that have me using it in different ways because that's how I eventually began to understand how the index position, condition, and expression can work. I've had to adjust my calendar to make sure I have more time to understand and practice for statements.
- What questions do you still have? How will you get the answers you need? I would like to understand more about how the i variable from the for statement can work with different variables in achieving the output that is requested from a prompt. I feel like I understand it more now, but maybe I can get to the point where it makes perfect sense to me. Reaching out to other students can help me achieve this because hearing others' perspectives on the For Statement is how I started to make sense of it in my own head.